Helm release docs: add Breeze + KinD verification path (#65817)
mistercrunch/Airflow: dev/README_RELEASE_HELM_CHART.md

You can then perform any other verifications to check that it works as you expected by
upgrading the Chart or installing by overriding default of `values.yaml`.

## End-to-end verification with Breeze and KinD

If you don't already have a Kubernetes cluster handy, the `breeze k8s`
commands give you a clean room: a fresh KinD cluster plus the chart
deployed from your local checkout. This runs the same chart files that
were packaged into the RC tarball, so it doubles as a chart-content
sanity check.

1. Check out the RC tag so the local `chart/` directory is the candidate
   under vote:

   ```shell
   git checkout helm-chart/${VERSION_RC}
   ```

2. Install the shared k8s tooling (kind, kubectl, helm) into Breeze's
   pinned virtualenv:

   ```shell

>    breeze k8s setup-env

Reviewer: This command is also part of `breeze k8s deploy-cluster` command

Author: Ahh.. good point.

   ```

3. Create the cluster, configure namespaces, build a k8s-ready airflow
   image, and load it into KinD. On main these are bundled into a single
   `breeze k8s deploy-cluster`; on older tags run them in sequence:

   ```shell

>    breeze k8s deploy-cluster                    # main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   breeze k8s deploy-cluster --rebuild-base-image                  # main
```
To make this one the same with the set of commands below

Author: NIce!

upgrading the Chart or installing by overriding default of `values.yaml`.

## End-to-end verification with Breeze and KinD

If you don't already have a Kubernetes cluster handy, the `breeze k8s`
commands give you a clean room: a fresh KinD cluster plus the chart
deployed from your local checkout. This runs the same chart files that
were packaged into the RC tarball, so it doubles as a chart-content
sanity check.

1. Check out the RC tag so the local `chart/` directory is the candidate
   under vote:

   ```shell
   git checkout helm-chart/${VERSION_RC}
   ```

2. Create the cluster, configure namespaces, build a k8s-ready airflow
   image, and load it into KinD. On main these are bundled into a single
   `breeze k8s deploy-cluster` (which also installs the shared k8s
   tooling — kind, kubectl, helm — into Breeze's pinned virtualenv,
   i.e. it includes the work `breeze k8s setup-env` would do); on older
   tags, run `setup-env` plus the constituent commands in sequence:

   ```shell
   breeze k8s deploy-cluster --rebuild-base-image                  # main
   # or, on older tags:
   breeze k8s setup-env

>    breeze k8s create-cluster
>    breeze k8s configure-cluster
>    breeze k8s build-k8s-image --rebuild-base-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   breeze k8s configure-cluster
   breeze ui compile-assets # Makes sure that all UI-related assets are built
   breeze k8s build-k8s-image --rebuild-base-image
```
Didn't notice on the phone before - this is for making sure that after deployment of Airflow, the user will not face `missing index.html file` error during UI loading (FYI: this command is also part of the `deploy-cluster` one).

Author: Applied in d775708c — added `breeze ui compile-assets` between `configure-cluster` and `build-k8s-image` on the older-tags constituent path. Inline comment is slightly different from your suggestion ("ensures the UI is built so the API server can serve index.html") because that names the failure mode it prevents. Thanks for catching it!
